20928 Add details about HTMLMetaElement API usage with media (#21511)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmetaelement/scheme/index.md

---
title: HTMLMetaElement.scheme
slug: Web/API/HTMLMetaElement/scheme
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Deprecated
  - HTML DOM
  - HTMLMetaElement
  - Property
  - Reference
browser-compat: api.HTMLMetaElement.scheme
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}{{Deprecated_Header}}

> The **`HTMLMetaElement.scheme`** property defines the scheme of the value in the {{domxref("HTMLMetaElement.content")}} attribute.

Reviewer: For which named or pragma directive was/is this supported? Include that.

Author: Added details in 80d84fc081

This is most commonly used to indicate formats such as `URI`, `ISBN`, or date formatting such as `YYYY-MM-DD`.
This property is deprecated and should not be used on new web pages.

## Value

A string.

## Examples

```js
// given <meta name="identifier" content="1580081754" scheme="ISBN">
let meta = document.querySelector("meta[name='identifier']");
console.log(meta.scheme);
// "ISBN"
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - {{HTMLElement("meta")}}

Reviewer: How about a link to an article on possible `scheme` values?

Author: Scheme values are treated as an extension of the `name` property, have added details in 80d84fc081

---
title: HTMLMetaElement.scheme
slug: Web/API/HTMLMetaElement/scheme
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Deprecated
  - HTML DOM
  - HTMLMetaElement
  - Property
  - Reference
browser-compat: api.HTMLMetaElement.scheme
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}{{Deprecated_Header}}

The **`HTMLMetaElement.scheme`** property defines the scheme of the value in the {{domxref("HTMLMetaElement.content")}} attribute.

> This property is used to indicate formats such as `URI`, `ISBN`, or date formatting such as `YYYY-MM-DD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is used to specify a scheme to interpret the property’s value. It takes as its value a scheme format, (i.e. `YYYY-MM-DD`) or scheme format name (i.e. `ISBN`), or a URL that points to a site that contains the format defining information. The scheme defines the format of the value of the `content` attribute.
```
